---
title: "Experience"
bg: '#4682b4'
color: white
fa-icon: building-o
---

### **Jefferson State Community College**
#### *Computer Lab Technician.    July 2018 - Present*

I am responsible for maintaining the 4 computer labs and for general IT/AV issues for the top floor. Duties include supporting users with all desktop needs, in addition to tutoring & mentoring for CIS & programming classes. 

I wrote a few batch scripts to expedite common issues students experienced in the labs, and wrote a few Tampermonkey scripts to monitor the networked printers, giving me updates on their statuses, health, and supply quantities.
I am responsible for maintaining the 4 computer labs on the top floor, and I am also on-call IT for general IT/AV issues for the floor. Duties include supporting users with all desktop needs, in addition to being on-call help and tutoring for CIS & programming classes.
{: .text-justify}

---

### **Caldwell Mill Animal Clinic**
#### *Kennel Technician.    August 2017 - Present*

Responsibilities include day-to-day upkeep of the clinic and care for the animals present for boarding, including: preparing and feeding the animals with their required diet, walking the dogs to ensure they are adequately exercised and socialized, giving baths with medical services, and assisting the veterinarians and the veterinary technicians in their daily roles as needed.
{: .text-justify}

---

### **UberX & Lyft**
#### *Independent Contractor.    Jan 2017 - August 2017*

While operating as a rideshare driver for both services, I provided excellent service, maintaining a perfect 5.00/5.00 rating and consistently received the "Above and Beyond" driver award with Uber. Additionally, I implemented a project using a Raspberry Pi3 and RetroPie to create a video game emulation station to allow 2 passengers to play classic videogames for the duration of the ride, frequently receiving requests to circle extra blocks so that a Mario Kart match (or two) may be finished.
{: .text-justify}

---


### **Vincari**
#### *Software Engineer.    May 2016 - Feb 2017*

I created new features and fixed existing bugs for our EMR/Operative documentation web app, on a stack of Ruby on Rails, Angular.js, and MySQL. Duties also included working on infrastructure within AWS, primarily in EC2, VPCs, and with S3. A notable project I completed was to create a logging framework using SumoLogic for analytics in order to give our Implementation & Support teams a tool with which they could easily assist our clients.
{: .text-justify}

---


### **Hubbard Systems**
#### *Application Systems Analyst.    Nov 2015 - May 2016*

I trained and assisted our clients in daily usage of our accounting application. In addition to gaining valuable support skills, I was involved with both Windows & Linux server administration, and T-SQL for a subset of our application.
{: .text-justify}

---

### **Greystone Golf and Country Club**
#### *Server, Bartender, Event Staff.    Apr 2011 - Nov 2015*

I worked in a variety of roles, serving in the Aquatics Department in the summers, working in reception and the poolside grill. I later transitioned to the Food and Beverage Department, where I worked in various roles related to dining - including serving in a fast, casual, everyday environment as well as our finest dining events. As event staff, I worked closely with clients and members as we prepared and set up events from small birthday parties to holiday parties, to golf tournaments or weddings which included hundreds of people.
{: .text-justify}
